Encourage custom metrics over response_body (#164)
HTTPArchive/har.fyi: src/content/docs/reference/blobs/page-metadata.mdx

```
</details>

:::note

> There is lots of other metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.
```

> There is lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.

Author: ```suggestion
There are lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.
```

> There is lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.

Reviewer: Instead of the last sentence:
```suggestion
There is lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript (see [source code](https://github.com/HTTPArchive/custom-metrics/)) run during the crawl to extra information from the page.
```

WDYT?

Author: ```suggestion
There is a lot of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript (see [source code](https://github.com/HTTPArchive/custom-metrics/)) run during the crawl to extract information from the page.
```

> There is lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
There is lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extract information from the page.
```

> There are lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.

Author: ```suggestion
There is lots of other page-level metadata in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.
```

> Always check that before reverting to `response_body` in `requests` table which is slow, does not include the rendered DOM after JavaScript runs, and is expensive to query.

Reviewer: Let's rewrite it in a positive mode (e.g. easier, faster, cheaper).

Author: ```suggestion
Always check if the information you need exists there before using the `response_body` column. Using the custom metrics from the `pages` table is likely less brittle than attempting to use regular expressions on HTML, includes the rendered DOM after JavaScript runs, is much cheaper to query, and so is considerably faster to get back results.
```

> Always check if the information you need exists there before using the `response_body` column. Using the custom metrics from the `pages` table is likely less brittle than attempting to use regular expressions on HTML, includes the rendered DOM after JavaScript runs, is much cheaper to query, and so is considerably faster to get back results.

Reviewer: Maybe rewrite this shorter, e.g.
> Check the custom metrics before falling back to response_body. They include the post-JavaScript DOM, are far less brittle than regexing HTML, and are significantly faster and cheaper to query.

Author: ```suggestion
Check the custom metrics before falling back to `response_body`. Custom metrics include the post-JavaScript DOM, are far less brittle than regexing HTML, and are significantly faster and cheaper to query.
```

For example, to get the `title` and `meta_description` you can use:
```sql
SELECT
  page,
  custom_metrics.wpt_bodies.title.rendered.primary.text AS title,
  custom_metrics.wpt_bodies.meta_description.rendered.primary.text AS meta_description.
FROM
  `httparchive.crawl.pages`
WHERE
  ...
```

> The source of the [custom metrics](https://github.com/HTTPArchive/custom-metrics/) can be useful to understand exactly what is collected.

Reviewer: Two visually identical links, but one to the doc page, another to the repository.
```suggestion
The [source code](https://github.com/HTTPArchive/custom-metrics/) of the custom metrics can be useful to understand exactly how they are collected.
```
